hello everyone this is part party here
and today i'm recording a short
minecraft video for Pocket Edition on
how to sprint so most of you are
probably aware of the fact that you can
sprint and run if you might want to call
it that and on the pc version xbox and
playstation so basically it's just
pocket edition that's been left out this
feature due to the amount of time to
being developed that hasn't had as long
to figure it out so i'm on my iphone 5
here i'll be showing you on here but
it'll be the same for your ipads and
ipod touches same process so first of
all you're gonna have to be jailbroken i
know it sucks but there's not much we
can really do about that apple's put you
know put restrictions on everything so
you have to be jailbroken first then
when your doubt broken you're going to
go to city a city air you get just by
jailbreak and that's the application
that will be installed which allows you
to install other applications so once
you're there click on the bottom and you
going to go to sources it may take a
minute to load everything up if it's
your first time then you're going to
click edit on the top right and the add
button and that's where you're going to
type in this down here on the bottom s1r
is calm / mcpe oh well i will also put
that in the description and i'll
probably pop it up on the screen here
when I'm editing to make it simpler for
all of you to use once you're done with
that the other click on sources again
makes your store on this page go to s 1
is by the way when you've added the
repository there it will probably have a
big loading screen downloading packages
and things like that then you go to mcp
mods then you're gonna click on FCP
sprinting of course and mine says modify
but right there it will say install for
you then you gonna click install i'm
obviously have already got the mod so
there's no point me of modifying it but
that's what it will look like for you
once you've done that you're going to go
ahead and go into Minecraft Pocket
Edition on your phone or tablet and
you're gonna click play I'm gonna make a
new world just just because but you
could do whatever you want I'm survival
for me and I'll show you guys kind of
how it works real fast so what in the
world well this is a weird one okay
we're on the ground now it was really
weird so if you're walking around this
is the speed you're going to be walking
out then to actually run you simply
double tap this forward button there
just like that so walking is a speed
tap to sprint you go way fast you can
get around your worlds really nicely and
part of the reason this hadn't been
added before was actually because the
worlds were only 256 x 256 of the blocks
and the world were extremely small so
sprinting would kind of take away the
fun if this world was small because you
could run from corner to corner you know
really fast and then make the world's
feel really small now that the worlds
are infinite sprinting as a much more
useful tool at the moment it's obvious
you have to have a mod installed this is
also available for Android the method of
actually acquiring this mod and
installing through Android is slightly
different than iOS but I will create a
mod tutorial for that one as well so
thank you guys for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video be sure to like the
video and subscribe if you enjoyed and
if I helped you out here and I will see
you guys tomorrow with more minecraft